Now, that we've looked at how
the ERC721 contract or the interface is implemented in open Zeppelin,
so we're going to start importing it.
So, I'm in my editor right now in my starNotaryv2 directory.
This was the v1 that we did,
this is the v2 that we're in right now.
In my contracts folder,
we're going to start creating our own contract,
filing and import the open Zeppelin ERC721 token files.
So, inside the contract,
remember we already did some cleanup by deleting anything that came
with the boilerplate code, except the Migrations.sol.
So, let's go create our own file here, calling it starNotary.sol.
I'm going to play some code here and I'm going to walk you through what's going on.
So, this is what our second version of
the smart contract would look like for the starNotary.
If you see the first line,
we start with importing this file,
so we can actually call functions on it.
The next is that, but of course this is how you define
interfaces or you actually inherit.
So, if you have contract,
starNotary is the name of our contract,
is ERC721 because we inheriting it from this contract and this is how you inherit.
We've learned about this in our lesson,
[inaudible] Then falling that,
we're actually creating a struct the whole star information.
Now, we're just storing the name of the star for now,
but we can easily add information like star
coordinates by a specific story and any similar stuff.
But for now, we're just holding the name of the star right there.
Okay? Then, we're also having two mappings here.
Okay. The first mapping is called a tokenIdToStarInfo,
to store the tokenId of the star as the key,
and the star details as the value.
This is really going to make it easy for us to look up any star using it's Id.
Okay. Then, we're creating a mapping to store stars that are up for sale.
We're calling this mapping stars for sale, mapping.
Using the tokenId of the star as the star price, as the value.
So, this is the Id and this is the price of the star,
and so we're putting it up in the mapping right there.
Okay. Then we have three functions broadly speaking create star,
put up star for sale, and buy a star.
In the createStar function, this function right there.
Let's see what's going on.
What we're doing is getting a name,
using a name we're creating a star and also the Id.
So, we're going to send these two parameters in
and then of course, this is how you do it.
Now, the way you're doing it, first of all,
since this is the star is a struct.
Right? So, all the information is coming in a struct.
So, we are creating a newStar of type Star in memory.
Then, we're adding this to the tokenId to Star info mapping.
So, we're creating a newStar in memory,
that is how you work with structs.
Then, we're adding this to the mapping.
Then, we're calling the Mint function that we saw in our ERC721.
This is how we're minting new tokens.
Remember, we saw this implemented the ERC721 opens up lens contract, the mint function.
This function mints new tokens by adding one token to the msu.center.
Now, you can always look up that function again in
the ERC721 file to get a better understanding,
but this is how you are creating a star.
So, we're create a star with information that's passed in,
we store it in the mapping and we're also calling
the mint function to mint new tokens without specific tokenId.